Getting data for this is an absolute pain, so I will focus on the longer haul flights and destinations and the subsequent
fleet of planes that are suitable to operate those routes. I will also abstract and say that every flight operates every
day because it is quite tedious as airlines don't really publish which days they fly. I am also going to be using an
abstracted suitability metric, because right now that makes sense.

100 is the value if that plane is "optimal" for that destination, meaning KLM has advertised that this aircraft flies this route
75 if the plane actively flies this route, but it is not an advertised destination by KLM
50 if the plane is "ok" for that destination, meaning it can operate the route because other planes of that type do, but it
has not operated that route itself.
25 if the plane can technically operate the route, but realistically it rarely does, unless there are special circumstances
A plane will receive a 25 either if the distance is far too short or very close to the top of the range
0 if the plane is "unsuitable" for that destination (meaning it is not able to fly to that destination)


Challenges: Curating the dataset myself is VERY tedious. No existing dataset of what I am trying to replicate for any airline
The publicly available data also only goes back one week so is not really representative of a year round model.

Model is now possilble to solve when there are fewer destinations than planes. You will need to then add "ground"
as a destination to serve to indicate to the model that the destination list is not full. If it is full, you cannot
have model as it will try to assign "ground" as if it were a destination.

Additionally, there is no error checking, I think if an invalid destination is entered it will just break.

I also do not think it is possible to have duplicate destinations, but realistically I would like this to maybe be feasible

Right now, I am only using planes that have names according to: https://www.airfleets.net/flottecie/KLM-active-b737ng-0-typeasc.htm
and planes that have not been stored.

B737-3 I went up to PH-BXD.... stopped for now

NOW I have finished getting planes. I will try to create a KLM schedule that begins at 12:30 on April 10th,
I will write down the destinations in exact order. I will ONLY look at flights operated by KLM, not transavia or
KLM cityhopper. If the destination does not exist, I will add it and add corresponding scores.
After the model has been run, I will take a look at any "questionable" scores (scores of 25),
as they indicate that a plane taht really shouldn't be used for that type of route is being used. Then, I
investigate whether it is even possible for that plane to land at that airport. In the case that it is
not (787 in glasgow) I will put zeroes across for that plane type, then rerun the model.

Was able to get the schedule to go to 16:40, lets call taht a good 4 hr prediction, especially since I have a
severly limited number of planes and the smaller ones will do multiple flights, most likely after 4 hours
